 1. INDIVIDUALS: Subject Postpaid Prepaid Owner - ID card - Or passport - ID card - Or passport Not owner - ID card or Passport of authorized person. - And authorization letter must be certified by competent authority. The transaction can only be conducted at the MBF region where that phone number belongs to. The following documents will be required: ID card of authorized person. And authorization letter must be certified by competent authority. Not owner and do not have letter of authorization - Subject to regulations of MBF Company number 1, 3, 4, 5, 6,8, 9. - For MBF Company number 2: NOT APPLICABLE TO register for international call, international roaming, packages, customer policy programs and print detailed charge. T he following documents will be required: ID or passport of the person who condu cts the transaction. And commi tment to take responsibility of the requested person. - Subscriber has to register information first. See regulation at Register and change information (details). - Then use the service. Note - S ubscriber need to fill in and sign on the Form of Changing and Registering Information 2. COMPANIES, ORGANIZATIONS... Postpaid Prepaid - Application for changing service (signed and sealed by the company). - Or: Introduction letter issued by the company and ID of the person introduced by the company. - As for liquidation of the contracts of a dissolved company, following documents will be required: certificate of dissolution + simcard + the latest payment bills. Since t he company will be updated information as Company name - LEGAL REPRESENTATIVE NAME, it will have two following cases: - Following documents will be required: Application for changing service signed by legal representative of the company and sealed by the company. Or : Introduction letter issued by the company and ID of the person introduced by the company. - Or the legal representative of the company conducts the transaction : ID or passport of the legal representative. - (MBF Company 2) Change from postpaid to prepaid: subject to regulation for opening a prepaid number ( details ) 3. VALID DOCUMENTS: ID card: not more than 15 years since the issue date Passport : must be valid at least 3 months 4. GENERAL REGULATIONS: If the documents are photocopied, a visa must be obtained from the competent authority and the visa duration must not exceed 6 months. - If the transaction is conducted under MBF Companies number 1, 4, 6, the visa duration must not exceed 3 months. The contents of the original and the copy must be clearly stated. Only following documents/ Authorization letters are accepted by MBF: Authorization letter must clearly state "	"Contents of authorization"	" or state "	"Are authorized to sign documents related to business activities"	". 