 Steps Intruction Step 1 : Confirm subscriber identity 1) Cases in which customers request not to disconnect the outgoing call via Call Center (Recorded in Billing System and Customer Management): Operators intruct customers to the nearest MBF store to temporarily stop the outgoing service. 2) Cases in which subscribers have password: Owner has to provide the correct password for Call Center to disconnect the service. If owner do not provide the correct password, instruct them to the nearest MBF store to stop the service temporarily. 3) Cases in which subscribers do not have password: Call Centers take and handle Customer's request to disconnect the Outgoing service: Check and compare the information the owner provides and the one in Billing System and Customer Care, in detail: Confirm main information of the owner : - Subscriber number - Susbcriber identity information (Name of individual customer, business customer, party, or the one who is representative to their company/party). - Number of Identity Card /Citizen Identification /Passport; date of issue; place of issue for individual customer or business liscene number or establishment permission (if there is data in system),…. - Billing address or subscriber address registered in the contract (for Postpaid Subscriber). - Information of 5 contact numbers recently (for lost prepaid subscriber). For PFC Subscriber especially (Prepaid Fast connect), Call Center do not need to confirm this information. Cases customer do not provide the correct information : (1) Number of Identity Card/ Citizen Identification/ Passport/ Business Liscene or Establishment Permission,…; (2) Contact numbers of 3 subscribers or more: Confirm those information as below: + For Prepaid: The latest top-up value . Top-up Method : Top-up card, Internet banking,… + For Postpaid: Last month bill or last month payment Payment Method : Cash, Top-up card, Internet banking,… Step 2: Insert the information of lost phone owner - Name of the reporter - ID number of the reporter - Phone number contact Call Center - Phone number for Call Center to contact -The Relationship with the Owner (if any) Step 3 : Ask for permission about blocking one-way/two-way SMS service - Confirm Customer's request based on their needs: Disconnect 3 Outgoing Services : Call, data, SMS Disconnect 2 Outgoing Services : Call, data and two-way of SMS. Step 4 : Block - Disconnect the Services based on Customer's Request in step 3. Step 5: Check for subscriber status and HLR - Cases in which Subscribers has been disconnected successfully : Status : Chặn 1C (KHYC) HLR (MSC): Cases Prepaid Subscriber ( Note : In IN there is : Account Block 1 ) Postpaid Subscriber Disconnect 3 Outgoing Services : Call, Data, SMS ( Reason : CA1 ) - "	"Basic Service"	" Lose : Short Message MO_PP (TS22) - Lose "	"GPRS Data"	" - %%LST CBAR CBCOU = OPRERATOR BAOC TS 1X = PROV | ACT TS 2X = PROV | ACT - "	"SABLOCK"	" OC = TRUE - "	"Basic Service"	" Lose : Short Message MO_PP (TS22) - Lose "	"GPRS Data"	" Disconnect Outgoing Services of Call, Data and two-way SMS ( Reason : CA11 ) - "	"Basic Service"	" Lose : Short Message MO_PP (TS22) and Short Message MT_PP (TS21) - Lose "	"GPRS Data"	" - %%LST CBAR CBCOU = OPRERATOR BAOC TS 1X = PROV | ACT - "	"SABLOCK"	" OC = TRUE - "	"Basic Service"	" Lose : Short Message MT_PP (TS21) and Short Message MO_PP (TS22) - Lose "	"GPRS Data"	" Cases in which Subscriber has not been disconnected successfully : Status : bình thường. HLR (MSC): do not have data like the successfull case. => If only one of those two information above is not successful, disconnect the subscriber once again. If disconection took place twice yet still not successful, notice the case to Handling Department. Step 6 : Note Compulsory information to Customer after disconecting the outgoing services : Inform to Customer that Call Center only support to disconnect one-way of outgoing call , one or two way of SMS (based on customer's request), that is why customer still can receive incoming call and SMS (if only one-way of SMS is blocked), monthy bill of subscriber (for postpaid) and validity date (for prepaid) are still available. Ask customer to go to the nearest MBF store to recover the simcard during the operating hours. Information to Customer if needed : Subscribers has been disconnected one way because of losing phone CA1 still are able to contact 18001090. Prepaid subscriber which is disconnected outgoing call will be locked the IN so they cannot send/receive money via M2U, cannot use M2U service, cannot register packages, cannot receive promotion (periodical promotion, money bonus promotion, ...), cannot top-up either. 