 - Date of finalizing data: from 1st day to 3rd day. - Date of issuing Payment Notification and Charge Statement : from 3rd day to 8th day. Cycle 1: 3rd - 8th day Cycle 11: 13th - 18th day Cycle 21: 23rd - 28th day - Issuing duration: 12 days (printing and sending dates included) 1. ISSUING PAYMENT NOTIFICATION ( TBC ) AND PRINTING CHARGE STATEMENT (CTC): MBF Regional Companies will manage the subscriber at billing address (not by number). NOT issuing/sending Payment Notification and Charge Statement for subscribers incurring debt from -10,000 VND (negative VND10,000) to VND10,000. (MBF COMPANY 2): Payment Notification Form is applied from 1/7/2017 : refer to Web 1090 Subscribers with the profile MobiF1 are connected by default to billing cycle 11 and are NOT entitled to: Collect charge at the registered address (collect at home). Payment Notification will be sent to the subscribers' registered email address. If subscribers do not register to receive Payment Notification via email, subscribers will not receive it. Print Payment Notification 2. METHODS OF SENDING PAYMENT NOTIFICATION - CHARGE STATEMENT 1 A kit of Payment Notification includes: Payment Notification - TBC: will be sent to all subscribers without registration Charge Statement - CTC: will only be sent after subscribers register to print it (at MobiFone office, authorized agents) Subscribers Methods of sending Payment Notification - Charge Statement Not register to receive Payment Notification via email Make the payment for the bill over counters - Only send Payment Notification, NOT send Charge Statement Make the payment for the bill at home Make the payment for the bill by collection order Register to receive Payment Notification via email Make the payment for the bill over counters - Send Payment Notification and Charge Statement (if any) via email Make the payment for the bill at home - Send Payment Notification and Charge Statement (if any) via email - Bill collector: bring Payment Notification to the customers' house Make the payment for the bill by collection order - Send Payment Notification and Charge Statement (if any) via email - Send Payment Notification to the bank From 1/1/2014: there are more options to view Payment Notification - Charge Statement on the WebPortal (customers can use this way in conjunction with the above). Customers login to www.mobifone.vn. Select My MobiFone / Account information / Account history, then: Click Download File Payment Notification at the Get the Invoice column. Click Download File Charge Statement at View Charge Statement column. Via email: From 1/3/2014, customers might also receive via email advertisements related to MobiFone VAT services attached with the Payment Notification. 3. GENERAL NOTE: Changing information related to Payment Notification - Charge Statement will take effect from the next bill cycle. For example: Subscriber of Bill Cycle 1 changes the address to receive Payment Notification on 15/8, he/she will receive Payment Notification of August cycle in September at the new address. Customers are e ncouraged to view Payment Notification - Charge Statement on the Portal Web or sign up to receive Payment Notification - Charge Statement via email. On WebPortal: Customer can view details of Payment Notification - Charge Statement of the latest 03 months since the last time customer login the website. 4. PRINTING CHARGE STATEMENT AT MBF OFFICES: Only print Payment Notification - Charge Statement within the last 3 months since the Payment Notification has been issued. Procedure : Procedure required when conducting a transaction Location: at MobiFone mainstores nationwide Note, subject to each case, MobiFone Office can: Print Payment Notification - Charge Statement and give customer immediately. If can not print immediately, they can: Send via customer's email Or ask customer contact the office to receive Payment Notification - Charge Statement later. Note for Call center agents: Do not assure customer that when they request MBF mainstore, they can receive Charge Statement immediately (especially on Saturday, Sunday and holidays) . - For MBF Company No. 2, since 1/3/2018, the following regulation will be applied: Time to receive Charge Statement: From 14h00 of the date following date of requesting for Charge Statement (except Saturday and Sunday) Method of receiving Charge Statement: Via email provided by customer. Or customer can receive at MBF office. ​​ 5. ITEMS LISTED ON CHARGE STATEMENT : refer to web 1090 1. INTRODUCTION: There are 03 cycles: Cycle Date 01 Day 1 t o the month-end (day 30 or 31) 11 Day 11 of previous month until day 10 of current month 21 Day 21 of previous month until day 20 of current month MBF Company No. 2: 03 cycles applied. As for enterprises, from 5/6/2017 only Cycle 01 is applied. 2. ADJUSTMENT TO A BILL CYCLE: Procedure : as per regulation Registration place: New subscriber : MobiFone office. Active subscriber: Main stores, Mobifone offices and authorized agents - Note: Subscribers must pay off the debt of the latest issue payment notification. Effective from the time of registration for adjustment The number of days in a changing cycle can be less or more than the regular cycle, specifically: The first date of a bill cycle is the begin date of the old bill cycle. The last date of the bill cycle is the end date of the latest bill cycle. The monthly subscription fee of the changing cycle is still calculated on a per-day basis. The adjustment of bill cycle must be approved by authorized leaders of MBF Regional Companies. Except for special cases (refer to web 1090). Apply when : - Postpaid subscriber changes the address to receive payment notification to other provinces /cities within one MBF regional company. (In case of changing the address for receiving payment notification in the same province/city, the normal procedure will be applied, except MBF KV 2) - Postpaid subscriber changes address to receive payment notification to other MBF regional company. 1. PROCEDURE: Procedure : Procedure required when conducting a transaction. However, for individuals: must be the owner or have the power of attorney As for companies, enterprises: fill in the information, sign and seal ... on the request for change of mobile phone service (postpaid). Payment of all charges, specifically: Change address to another province/city in the same MBF regional company: must pay all charges that have issued in the the payment notification . Change of address to other MBF regional company: Payment must be made to the time of conversion. MBF Company No.2 : Change of address to another branch: Only change when full payment of the debt issued in the payment notification is made. - Note: Changing your payment notification address will take effect at the next billing. Changing your payment notification address will likely affect your bill cycle. 2. CONTACT DETAILS: Main stores, Mobifone offices and authorized agents. - MBF Company 2: In addition to the above channels, customer can send a letter or fax a letter requesting a change of address to payment notification for MobiFone office, agents, or Customer Service Dept. of MobiFone Company 2. 