 1. TARGETS: Simplify transaction procedures for customers Minimize waiting time at the store to improve customer satisfaction Diversify communication channels and customers' experiences regarding Mobifone's service quality. Be professional in serving customers via electronic method. Minimize transaction procedures in writing and encourage customers to use electronic method (via MobiFone online). 2. SUBJECTS: All new customers and existing customers such as prepaid subscribers, postpaid subscribers who register for an account on MobiFone Portal to conduct electronic transactions. 3. GENERAL DESCRIPTION: Customers visit MobiFone Portal via www.mobifone.vn and select "	"MobiFone online"	". There are 2 types of transactions: transaction does not need confirmation at MobiFone office and transaction requires confirmation at MobiFone office. a. Transaction without confirmation at the store : After the customer fills in information online via MobiFone Portal, information will be processed and updated on the billing and customer management system (TC&QLKH) , without requesting confirmation from customer at the store. Customer needs to register for a new portal account to conduct transactions. Transactions include: No. Transaction type Postpaid Prepaid Require to log in 1 Change billing address. X X 2 Change address to receive invoice. X X 3 Change of domestic charge limit. X X 4 Change international roaming rates (Voice and SMS) X X 5 Change international roaming charges (Data) X X 6 To change the form of payment collection of postpaid subscribers X X 7 Look up payment history X X 8 Search Value Added Services X X X 9 Search billing details X X X 10 Support VIP customers sending service request X (VIP customers) X b. Transactions must be confirmed at the store: After customers fill in information online, system will require customers to confirm at the store of MobiFone with the following transactions: No. Transaction type Postpaid Prepaid Require to log in 1 Subscribe for a new phone number (postpaid) New customer 2 Subscribe for a new phone number (prepaid) New customer 3 Postpaid subscriber to prepaid subscriber X X 4 P repaid subscriber to p ostpaid subscriber X X 5 Change of identity card X X X 6 Transfer of ownership X X X 7 Liquidation X 4. GENERAL PROCEDURE: - New customer : Order Details Step 1 Customer needs to register, change services: Go to "	"Online transaction"	" on the MobiFone Portal via www.mobifone.vn to update the information requested on the interface. After updating information on MobiFone Portal, customer will receive the transaction code before going to transaction office. Step 2 When the customer arrives office, customer needs to provide transaction code and presents required identification documents. MobiFone officer will check the accuracy of information that customer has updated and adjust or add information (if any). Step 3 Print e-forms for customer to sign and archive dossiers as prescribed and conclude the transactions. - Existing customer: Order Details Transaction without confirmation at the store Transactions must be confirmed at the store Step 1 Customer needs to register, change services: Go to "	"Online transaction"	" on the MobiFone Portal via www.mobifone.vn to update the information requested on the interface. Customer needs to register, change services: Go to "	"Online transaction"	" on the MobiFone Portal via www.mobifone.vn to update the information requested on the interface. After the customer updates information on MobiFone Portal, the system will display the request code on the transaction screen, and send the request code to the customer (Brand name: MBF-ONLINE). Customer needs to present request code when transacting at the store so that the teller can check and promptly conduct customer's request. Step 2 MobiFone online system : Update customer's information and synchronize all systems while processing related information of customers. System Requirements: After the customer declares the information on the online form, the system (995 / Brand name: MobiFone) sends the OTP code to the transacting customer and updates information on TC&QLKH system. Transaction ends. MobiFone Office: directly handle the authentication request of existing customers, check documents, customers' information on the system and based on information declared online, the teller edits or adjusts information if necessary Step 3 - Print e-forms for customers to sign on and archive documents according to regulations and conclude the transaction. 5. INSTRUCTION: refer to 1090 Website 