 1. INTRODUCTION: Roam Combo Description : Roam Combo is an international roaming package that allows prepaid and postpaid subscribers using voice, SMS and data services with preferential rates compared to regular charge of international roaming service. Eligibility : All types of sim card profiles (exclude Fast Connect) two-way active Implementation: From 10/1/2018 Requirement : Prepaid or postpaid subscribers successfully registering international roaming service or Roam Combo package. Customers' devices supporting GPRS/EDGE/3G. Subscribers in the coverage area of networks belonging to the scope of the Roam Combo package. 2. PACKAGES: Package name Price (VAT included) Capacity Validity ( NOT auto renew) Outgoing call (minute) Incoming call (minute) Number of SMS Data (MB) Local call International call (including Vietnam) R C1 25 0,000VND 10 10 10 10 100 - 7 days (since the time of successful registration (day n) to 23:59:59 (VN time) day n+6 R C2 500,000 VND 20 20 20 20 250 R C3 1,000,000 VND 50 50 50 50 500 3 . SCOPE OF IMPLEMENTATION: No. Countries Carrier 1 Australia Telstra 2 Austria T-Mobile 3 Belgium Proximus 4 Brazil Vivo 5 Canada Rogers 6 Chile Entel 7 China Unicom 8 Croatia T-Mobile 9 Czech T-Mobile 10 Dominica Claro 11 El Salvador Claro 12 Germany T-Mobile 13 Greece Cosmote 14 Guatemala Claro 15 Hongkong CSL 16 India Airtel 17 Indonesia Telkomsel 18 Ireland Meteor 19 Japan Softbank , NTT DocoMo 20 Korea SKT 21 Luxembourg Tango 22 Macau CTM 23 Malaysia Celcom 24 Myanmar MPT 25 New Zealand New Zeland Telecom (Spark) 26 Puerto Rico Claro 27 Singapore Singtel, Starhub 28 Sri Lanka MTN 29 Thailand AIS 30 USA AT&T 4 . INSTRUCTION: Method Instruction Registration fee Register Cancel Check package details SMS to 999 DK_RCx HUY_RC or HUY_RCx KT_CVQT_RC - In Vietnam: 200 dongs/SMS - Outside Vietnam: subject to SMS charge while roaming of current MobiFone regulation USSD Press *093*3*2# and select the package: 1. RC1 (250.000d) 2. RC2 (500.000d) 3. RC3 (1.000.000đ) Press *093*3*2*4# and select to cancel the registered package. *093*4*2# Free Web/Wap Go to Website/Wapsite of MobiFone, select Services/International/Outbound roaming : - Choose to register or cancel registered package. - Confirm to register or cancel package successfully. - Free to register - Data charge subject to current regulation (domestic or roaming). My MobiFone application Log in My MobiFone app on cell phone, Select Services /International/International roaming (CVQT) : - Choose to register or cancel registered package. - Confirm to register or cancel package successfully. 5 . REGULATION: When registering Roam Combo plan in a country, customers can use the package in the remaining countries listed in the package, as long as the package still has free capacity in the package and is still valid . Customers are only allowed to use voice, SMS and data services within the scope provided by Roam Combo package . When customers use up the data provided by the package, but the package is still valid, customers will be disconnected from data usage and will be locked from using international data roaming service. Customers can still use the remaining Voice and SMS capacity in the package. If customer wants to continue using the data service, he/she can cancel the current Roam Combo package before registering a new package or registering to use normal international roaming service . When customers use all of the free Voice and SMS of the package, the system will stop the services and send message to inform customers. The output generated outside the package is charged according to the current regulations of international roaming service fee table . The system will send a notification message when customers use up the free voice, sms, data of the package or when the package is going to expire Within 30 days from the first registration date of each category, postpaid subscribers are allowed to register up to 2 RC1 packages, 2 RC2 packages, and 2 RC3 packages . Roam Combo packages are not included in the prepaid limit for postpaid subscribers when using international roaming service . At one point, customers can only register 01 Roam Combo package. To register a new package when the old one is still valid, customers must cancel the old package or wait until the old package expires. The unused capacity of the old package is not accumulated into the new package . At one point, customers cannot use 2 Roam Combo packages or 1 Roam Combo package and 1 other international roaming package (For example: Roam Like Home package) . In case subscribers (prepaid, postpaid) has not registered international roaming service or just registered international roaming for SMS / voice, when registering Roam Combo package, subscribers will be allowed to open international roaming data service and register the package . When the package expires, the subscribers will be disconnected from data usage and be locked from using international roaming data service. Voice and SMS services can still be used but charged according to the normal tariff table. And, subscribers will receive a message informing him/her to continue registering for a new Roam Combo package or registering for using international roaming data service at normal rates. After sending the registration message, the subscriber will be re-opened the data service as required. Successful cancellation of the Roam Combo package will result in locking the international roaming Data service, and Voice and SMS services will be charged according to the normal international roaming rates. In order to continue using international roaming data service, subscribers must register a new international roaming package (with data service) or register to use the regular international roaming data service. Postpaid subscribers are locked due to exceeding the international roaming quota (hit red limit), subscribers cannot use the registered Roam Combo package even though the package is still free and valid. Subscribers needs to pay the unpaid charge to continue using the service and package . The validity or expiration of the package is calculated from the time that MobiFone system receives and executes (register/cancel) successfully and notifies customers . The locking of international roaming data service of postpaid subscribers has a certain delay since using up the data capacity or the expiry date. During that time, if the postpaid subscribers continue to use the data service, the arising data charge of the international roaming data service will be calculated according to the corresponding region regulated by current MobiFone regulations . 