 SIMCARD REPLACEMENT FEE: Fee to replace many types of simcard will be followed by: Sim 32K, 64K, 128K, 2 digit sim, micro sim, nano sim, Multi sim 64K/ 128K, sim 96K: 25.000đ . From 12/7/2018 , fee to replace into 4G 64 K is 15.000VND/ sim (VAT included) From 16/7/2018 , fee to replace into 4G 128 K is 15.000đ/ sim (VAT included) F ee to replace EZ sim is 30.000đ Especially, replacing guaranteed sim will be free. A- REPLACE NORMAL SIMCARD 1. REPLACE POSTPAID SIMCARD. a. Simcard which has right information of the owner or has letter of authorization The procedure : Visit The procedure s Contact : Main store, Main Agency , Business Center: able to replace all of the local MBF simcard. Main Agency / TTGD: not able to replace special subscriber which has last 4-digit or above same. b. Simcard which has incorrect information of the owner and lack of letter of authorization Old sim is needed (which will be recalled). Contact : For c ustomers in MBFKV2: visit stores, business center at MBFKV2 For customers in other area : contact with MBF main store at that are to ask for support (via call or visit). NOT contact with Main Agency . Procedure : Customer needs to bring along their ID. Need to make an responsibility commitment. 2. REPLACE PREPAID SIMCARD: a. Target: Prepaid subscriber which has registered the information of its owner v ia official registration system for under 3 months, has been activated and has been deducted money during use. And : The customer whose information has been registered (the name must be matched with one in the system) do the procedures. Or person which is introduced/ authorized by the simcard's owner to do the procedures. NOT allow to replace simcard in the following cases : Subscriber which has already registered all information but not yet activated within 72 hours. Subscriber which is activated but not yet take action to deduct money. Subscriber which has complaint about ownership (this simcard will be one-way blocked with KNAI code in Customer Care system,) Cases in which: The person wants to do procedures is not the right owner and do not have letter of authorization . Or that person is the right owner but their information is registered via portal, EZ... (not via official registration system) Or that person's information is registered via official registration system but that has been more than 3 months. ... => Need to follow the procedure of Thay đổi thông tin TB trả trước đang sử dụng , after that the simcard can be replaced. MBFKV2's Regulation. From 1/10/2017: MobiEZ simcard replace : Cases customer lost the simcard but the provided information is not matched with ones in the system, staff can confirm the indentity by 05 latest numbers that has been topuped using this EZ simcard in MobiEZ system besides all of the identity check according to regulation. The maximum time length to check is 01 month until the latest topup. Cases which the information is not matched with ones in the system or ones in SMS: Cases subscriber is not activated: If customer still keeps the simcard: they need to show the old simcard to the staff. The staff will check simcard's serial number in the system and in customer's simcard, photocopy the side which included serial number on the simcard to restore. If customer lose the simcard: Confirmation from the Main Agency or the Seller store is highly needed. If the subscriber is still working: Staff confirms the right owner based on regulation first, than update the information into system. ​​ Cases prepaid subscriber has Đối tượng: Chưa xác minh thông tin , registering user belongs to Agenxy Code will not change any information or replace the simcard to customer. Reason: This subscriber is not notified based on regulation of Ministry of Communication and Information. => Call Center instructs customer to go to the main store for further support. b . Contact: Main store , Main Agency, TTGD,TGDĐ retails (replace simcard based on CH TGDD procedures, not replace special simcard). All of MBFKV simcard can be replaced.. c. Procedures: The procedure : Visit The procedure s Bring along the Old sim (if any) Besides procedures based on regulation , more information may be needed (such as: 05 numbers, activation time, topup value, topup method... based on each cases), If he information is NOT provided, simcard CANNOT BE REPLACED. -Note: To procedure of change ownership of prepaid number : it is likely the same as information change (only new owner's information is updated), other information like activation time, balances, valid date will not be changed. . B - REPLACE GUARANTEE SIMCARD. 1. SIMCARD REPLACE DATE: 1 year , details below: If prepaid subscriber is not yet activated: Guaranteed time for this simcard will be 01 year from the time this simcard is sold. If postpaid simcard changed into prepaid simcard and this one is not yet activated: Guaranteed time for this simcard will be 01 year from the change. If the simcard is activated: Guaranteed time for this simcard will be 01 year from the activation of postpaid/prepaid or from the lastest time this simcard is replaced. 2. GUARANTEE CASES: Simcard is broken because of the manufacturer during guarantee time: free Simcard is broken because of customer (fall into water, burned, ripped off, strached...) or the guarantee time is over, the simcard is lost: the fee will be counted based on regulations. 3. PROCEDURES: follow the one of replace normal simcard. 4. CONTACT: Main store, Business Center: replace guarantee simcard for all MBFKV. Main agency of MBF KV 2: Replace guarantee simcard for all MBFKV. DO NOT contact Main Agency for subscribers which has last 4-digit or above same. Especially, at MBFKV2, if customer requires for replacing guarantee sim with 10 subscribers or more, ask them to go to MBF main store for further support. 